All ages - Male - Infertility In Men Flowchart - Flowchart for the inability to conceive after more than 12 months of having intercourse without using contraception. 
All ages - Male and Female - Abnormal Looking Stools Flowchart - Flowchart for stools that are not the usual color or consistency.
All ages - Male - Painful Or Enlarged Testicles Flowchart - Flowchart for pain or swelling that may affect one or both testicles or the scrotum (the pouch that contains the testicles).
>6 months - Male and Female - Vomiting Flowchart - Flowchart for throwing up.
All ages - Male and Female - Bad Breath Flowchart - Flowchart for foul-smelling breath that may be temporary or persistent.
All ages - Male and Female - Wheezing Flowchart - Flowchart for noisy, difficult breathing.
All ages - Male and Female - Nightmares Flowchart - Flowchart for frightening dreams that may be disturbing enough to wake you.
All ages - Female - Vaginal Irritation Flowchart - Flowchart for itching or soreness inside or just outside the vagina.
All ages - Male and Female - Headache Flowchart - Flowchart for mild to severe pain in the head.
All ages - Male and Female - Feeling Generally Ill Flowchart - Flowchart for a vague sense of not being well.
All ages - Male and Female - Unusual Behavior Flowchart - Flowchart for behavior that is significantly different from a person's usual behavior.
All ages - Male and Female - Disturbed Or Impaired Vision Flowchart - Flowchart for vision problems, including blurring, double vision, or seeing flashing lights or floating spots.
All ages - Female - Breast Problems In New Mothers Flowchart - Flowchart for pain, tenderness, or lumps in the breasts within 4 months of having a baby.
All ages - Male and Female - Hearing Loss Flowchart - Flowchart for impaired ability to hear in one or both ears.
0-2 years - Male and Female - Slow Weight Gain In Young Children Flowchart - Flowchart for failure to gain weight or grow at the expected rate.
>12 years - Male and Female - Fever Flowchart - Flowchart for a temperature of 100f or higher.
All ages - Female - Painful Periods Flowchart - Flowchart for pain with menstruation.
All ages - Female - Pelvic Pain In Women Flowchart - Flowchart for pain in the pelvic area.
All ages - Male and Female - Twitching And Trembling Flowchart - Flowchart for involuntary muscle movements including sudden, brief twitching and persistent trembling or shaking.
All ages - Male and Female - Earache Flowchart - Flowchart for pain in one or both ears.
All ages - Male and Female - Chest Pain Flowchart - Flowchart for any pain between the neck and the bottom of the rib cage.
0-6 months - Male and Female - Diarrhea In Infants Flowchart - Flowchart for having three to four watery bowel movements within 24 hours.
>2 years - Male and Female - Itchy Spots And Rashes Flowchart - Flowchart for discolored or raised areas of itchy skin.
All ages - Male and Female - Difficulty Swallowing Flowchart - Flowchart for discomfort or pain when swallowing, or the inability to swallow.
All ages - Male and Female - Foot Problems Flowchart - Flowchart for pain, irritation, or swelling anywhere in one or both feet. 
All ages - Male and Female - Impaired Memory Flowchart - Flowchart for difficulty remembering specific facts, events, or periods of time.
All ages - Male and Female - Difficulty Breathing Flowchart - Flowchart for shortness of breath or tightness in your chest that makes you aware of your breathing.
0-12 years - Male and Female - Swellings In Children Flowchart - Flowchart for any swellings or lumps in the neck or armpits.
All ages - Male and Female - Dizziness Flowchart - Flowchart for a spinning sensation accompanied by light-headedness and unsteadiness.
All ages - Female - Pain Or Lumps In The Breast Flowchart - Flowchart for aches, pain, tenderness, or lumps in one or both breasts.
All ages - Male and Female - Numbness Or Tingling Flowchart - Flowchart for loss of feeling or a prickly sensation in any part of the body.
>12 years - Male and Female - Abdominal Pain Flowchart - Flowchart for pain between the bottom of the rib cage and the groin.
0-5 years - Male and Female - Waking At Night In Children Flowchart - Flowchart for difficulty sleeping through the night that causes a child to cry or call out.
All ages - Male and Female - Raised Spots And Lumps Flowchart - Flowchart for raised areas on the skin that may be inflamed, dark-colored, rough, or hard.
2-12 years - Male and Female - Abdominal Pain In Children Flowchart - Flowchart for pain in the area between the bottom of the rib cage and the groin.
All ages - Male and Female - Excessive Sweating Flowchart - Flowchart for sweating that is not associated with warm environmental temperatures or exercise.
All ages - Male and Female - Painful Shoulder Flowchart - Flowchart for pain, stiffness, or limited movement in the shoulder.
All ages - Male and Female - Painful Knee Flowchart - Flowchart for pain in or around the knee joint.
All ages - Male and Female - Sore Throat Flowchart - Flowchart for a rough or raw feeling at the back of the throat that causes discomfort, especially when swallowing.
All ages - Male and Female - Difficulty Speaking Flowchart - Flowchart for difficulty choosing, using, or pronouncing words.
All ages - Male and Female - Swollen Abdomen Flowchart - Flowchart for generalized swelling over the entire abdomen between the bottom of the rib cage and the groin.
All ages - Male and Female - Runny Nose Flowchart - Flowchart for a partially or completely blocked nose, with a liquid discharge.
>12 years - Male and Female - Itching Without A Rash Flowchart - Flowchart for the skin itches but there is no change in its appearance.
2-12 years - Male and Female - Coughing In Children Flowchart - Flowchart for coughing in children, which is usually a symptom of a respiratory infection.
All ages - Male and Female - Rash With Fever Flowchart - Flowchart for spots, discolored areas, or blisters on the skin and a temperature of 100f or higher.
All ages - Male and Female - Depression Flowchart - Flowchart for a mood disorder characterized by feelings of sadness, hopelessness, and helplessness, usually combined with poor self-esteem, apathy, and withdrawal from social situations.
All ages - Female - Abnormal Hair Growth In Women Flowchart - Flowchart for excessive hair anywhere on the body.
>2 years - Male and Female - Facial Skin Problems Flowchart - Flowchart for any rash, spots, or changes in the skin on the face.
All ages - Male and Female - Painful Or Stiff Neck Flowchart - Flowchart for pain or discomfort or inability to move the neck.
All ages - Male and Female - Pain In The Face Flowchart - Flowchart for pain in one or both sides of the face or forehead.
>2 years - Male and Female - General Skin Problems Flowchart - Flowchart for changes in the skin, including rashes and spots.
>5 years - Male and Female - Difficulty Sleeping Flowchart - Flowchart for frequent problems falling asleep or staying asleep.
All ages - Male and Female - Disturbing Thoughts Or Feelings Flowchart - Flowchart for having thoughts or feelings that seem abnormal or unhealthy.
All ages - Male and Female - Coughing Up Blood Flowchart - Flowchart for coughing up blood or mucus that is colored or streaked bright red or rusty brown, contains dark flecks or spots, or is pink and frothy.
All ages - Male and Female - Feeling Faint And Fainting Flowchart - Flowchart for a sudden feeling of weakness and unsteadiness that may result in brief loss of consciousness.
All ages - Female - Irregular Vaginal Bleeding Flowchart - Flowchart for any bleeding that occurs between menstrual periods, during pregnancy, or after menopause.
>12 years - Male and Female - Swellings Under The Skin Flowchart - Flowchart for a new lump or swelling under the skin that you can see or feel.
All ages - Male and Female - Painful Leg Flowchart - Flowchart for intermittent or continuous pain in the thigh or calf.
All ages - Male and Female - Hoarseness Or Loss Of Voice Flowchart - Flowchart for abnormal huskiness in the voice.
0-2 years - Male and Female - Skin Problems In Young Children Flowchart - Flowchart for skin discoloration, inflammation, or blemishes.
All ages - Male and Female - Abnormally Frequent Urination Flowchart - Flowchart for feeling the urge to urinate and urinating more often than usual.
>65 years - Male and Female - Confusion In Older People Flowchart - Flowchart for a loss of clarity about times, places, and events, or a loss of contact with reality.
All ages - Male and Female - Palpitations Flowchart - Flowchart for a feeling that your heart is beating irregularly or more strongly or rapidly than usual.
All ages - Male and Female - Sore Mouth Or Tongue Flowchart - Flowchart for soreness inside the mouth or on or around the tongue or lips.
All ages - Male and Female - Gas And Belching Flowchart - Flowchart for the expulsion of gas from the digestive tract through the mouth or the anus (also called flatulence).
All ages - Male and Female - Painful Ankles Flowchart - Flowchart for pain in or around one or both ankles.
>6 months - Male and Female - Recurring Vomiting Flowchart - Flowchart for vomiting several times within a week.
All ages - Male and Female - Swollen Ankles Flowchart - Flowchart for swelling or puffiness in one or both ankles.
All ages - Male and Female - Cramp Flowchart - Flowchart for involuntary, painful tightening of muscles other than the abdominal muscles.
0-12 years - Male and Female - Limping In Children Flowchart - Flowchart for difficulty walking (in a young child, a reluctance to walk) that may be accompanied by pain in the affected hip, leg, or foot.
All ages - Female - Abnormal Vaginal Discharge Flowchart - Flowchart for discharge from the vagina that is different than usual in color, consistency, or quantity.
All ages - Male and Female - Toothache Flowchart - Flowchart for pain in the teeth or gums.
All ages - Male and Female - Painful Urination Flowchart - Flowchart for discomfort when urinating, sometimes accompanied by pain in the lower abdomen.
>12 years - Male and Female - Recurring Abdominal Pain Flowchart - Flowchart for abdominal pain that comes and goes.
>65 years - Male and Female - Lack Of Bladder Control In Older People Flowchart - Flowchart for involuntary urination.
All ages - Male and Female - Abnormal Looking Urine Flowchart - Flowchart for urine that differs from its usual color or that is cloudy or tinged with blood.
All ages - Female - Heavy Periods Flowchart - Flowchart for menstrual periods lasting longer than 7 days or that are longer or heavier than usual.
All ages - Male and Female - Noises In The Ear Flowchart - Flowchart for sounds (such as ringing, buzzing, or hissing) that have no external source and that only you can hear.
2-12 years - Male and Female - Itching In Children Flowchart - Flowchart for skin irritation that makes a child want to scratch.
0-65 years - Male and Female - Lack Of Bladder Control Flowchart - Flowchart for involuntary urination.
All ages - Male and Female - Painful Arm Or Hand Flowchart - Flowchart for pain in the arm, elbow, wrist, or hand.
All ages - Female - Infertility In Women Flowchart - Flowchart for the inability to conceive after more than 12 months of having intercourse without using contraception. 
>12 years - Male and Female - Coughing Flowchart - Flowchart for a sudden, forceful release of air from the lungs that helps clear material from breathing passages. a cough that clears mucus from the lungs is called a productive cough. a cough that does not produce mucus (usually brought on by minor irritation in the throat) is called a dry cough.
All ages - Male and Female - Painful Eye Flowchart - Flowchart for continuous or intermittent pain in or around the eye.
All ages - Male and Female - Unexplained Weight Loss Flowchart - Flowchart for losing a lot of weight (10 or more pounds  in 10 weeks or less) without trying.
All ages - Male and Female - Constipation Flowchart - Flowchart for infrequent, difficult passage of hard stools.
All ages - Male and Female - Hallucinations Flowchart - Flowchart for abnormal sensory perceptions that occur without an external stimulus and are not based on reality.
All ages - Male and Female - Overweight Flowchart - Flowchart for if you are overweight according to the body mass index chart, you may be putting your health at risk.
All ages - Male and Female - Hair Loss Flowchart - Flowchart for thinning of hair or hair loss on all or part of the head.
0-6 months - Male and Female - Vomiting In Infants Flowchart - Flowchart for burping or throwing up after feedings.
0-2 years - Male and Female - Fever In Young Children Flowchart - Flowchart for an axillary (armpit) temperature over 100ºF or a rectal temperature over 102ºF.
All ages - Female - Absent Periods Flowchart - Flowchart for not getting your menstrual period when it's due.
0-6 months - Male and Female - Crying In Infants Flowchart - Flowchart for any persistent crying in infants.
All ages - Female - Painful Intercourse In Women Flowchart - Flowchart for pain or discomfort during or just after sexual intercourse.
All ages - Male and Female - Anxiety Flowchart - Flowchart for a feeling of tension, apprehension, or edginess, sometimes accompanied by physical symptoms such as palpitations (heartbeats that you're aware of) or diarrhea.
All ages - Male and Female - Backache Flowchart - Flowchart for continuous or intermittent pain or stiffness in the back.
All ages - Male - Painful Intercourse In Men Flowchart - Flowchart for pain or discomfort during or just after intercourse. 
All ages - Male and Female - Confusion Flowchart - Flowchart for confusion can range from being unsure about things such as times, places, and events to complete loss of contact with reality.
2-12 years - Male and Female - Fever In Children Flowchart - Flowchart for an axillary (armpit) temperature over 100ºF, an oral temperature over 101ºF, or a rectal temperature over 102º F.
>6 months - Male and Female - Diarrhea Flowchart - Flowchart for frequent passing of unusually loose stools.
